# Stats

Field | Type | Description
-----|-----|-----
stats.annualized_rest | float | Return that refers to the rest of the year where the pattern is not selected.
stats.annualized_return | float | The rate of return of the selected time-period as if it was calculated for the whole year.
stats.average_profit | float | Average profit of the pattern per year.
stats.average_return | float | Average return of the pattern per year.
stats.calendar_days | integer | Includes also non-trading days (weekends and holidays).
stats.current_streak | integer | Number of recent patterns with positive return.
stats.looser_count | integer | Number of falling patterns.
stats.looser_profit | float | Average profit during falling patterns.
stats.max_loss | float | Max loss of any patterns.
stats.max_profit | float | Max profit of any patterns.
stats.median_return | float | Median return of the pattern per year.
stats.pattern_count | integer | Number of years that are being evaluated
stats.profit_rate | float | Percentage of winning trades that recurred in the examined period.
stats.standard_deviation | float | Standard deviation.
stats.total_profit | float | Total profit of the pattern.
stats.trading_days | integer | Excludes the days when the particular exchange was not open.
stats.winner_count | integer | Number of raising pattern.
stats.winner_profit | float | Average profit during raising patterns.


## <a id="get-stats"></a> Get Stats

```shell
Get start token:

curl -v 'http://192.168.1.143:8080/vest/v1/stats?code=gc&rangeStart=2017-09-26&rangeEnd=2018-09-21&periodStart=2018-01-01&periodEnd=2018-02-01'

GET /vest/v1/stats?code=gc&rangeStart=2017-09-26&rangeEnd=2018-09-21&periodStart=2018-01-01&periodEnd=2018-02-01 HTTP/2
Host: 192.168.1.143:8080
User-Agent: curl/7.61.1
Accept: */*

HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
Vary: Origin
```
```json
{
   "stats":{
      "annualized_rest":0.59,
      "annualized_return":-8.82,
      "average_profit":3.84,
      "average_return":0.3,
      "calendar_days":16,
      "current_streak":-5,
      "looser_count":4,
      "looser_profit":-2.21,
      "max_loss":-0.77,
      "max_profit":0.31,
      "median_return":-0.25,
      "pattern_count":4,
      "profit_rate":78.86,
      "standard_deviation":1.81,
      "total_profit":76.11,
      "trading_days":12,
      "winner_count":9,
      "winner_profit":-4.03
   }
}
```

### Request

GET /v1/stats

#### Parameters
Name | Location | Type | Required | Default | Description
-----|-----|-----|-----|-----|-----
Accept-Encoding | Header | | No | | The value `gzip` to compress the response.
code | Query | | Yes | | Dataset code (e.g. `gc` for Gold)
rangeStart | Query | dateTime | Yes | | Range start
rangeEnd | Query | dateTime | Yes | | Range end
periodStart | Query | dateTime | Yes | | Start of examined period
periodEnd | Query | dateTime | Yes | | End of examined period

### Response

#### Fields
Name | Location | Type | Description
-----|-----|-----|-----
| | Status code | | The normal case will be `200`.
Content-Type | Header | | The value will be `application/json`.
| | Body | [Stats](#stats) | The stats.
